1. Write a Program that simulates a telephone that records missed incoming calls. For each missed call, store
the time of call, telephone number of origin, and name of the called if the name is available. For unlisted
numbers, set the name to “private caller”. Choose or extend the most appropriate collection class and
provide the following features.
a) Numbers are recalled in the order they arrive
b) Up to 10 numbers are recorded. When the eleventh call comes in, it is stored and the oldest call is
deleted so that no more than 10 numbers are ever recorded.
c) After each number display, the user can select
a. to delete the call
b. to go on to the next missed call, or
c. to display the call details (number, caller name and time).
d) Delete the number if user specifies a number to delete.
e) Write a helper class to represent an incoming call with fields to hold the number, name of the caller,
and time of the call. Write a tester call that stores the several numbers, simulate the user pressing
the missed-calls button, and finally prints the entire collection of stored calls.
2. Write a Java program using user-defined storage classes to create a book database and store it in a
Collection List. Books collection should include title, author, publisher and price. Also write a method to
sort the books in ascending order of price and store it in another List.
3. Write a program that uses Java Swing and JDBC to create a stand-alone application:
a. Create two tables namely, Representative (RepNo, RepName, State, Comission, Rate) and
Customer (CustNo, CustName, State, Credit_Limit, RepNo) in MySQL database.
b. Use appropriate Swing components to insert values in a form.
c. Use another form to display Representative‟s information whose Credit_Limit is above
15,000.
4. Write a Java Swing program to simulate a traffic light. The program lets the user select one of three lights:
red, yellow, or green with radio buttons. On selecting a button, an appropriate message with “stop” or
“ready” or “go” should appear above the buttons in a selected color.
5. Write a Java program to create a progress bar GUI which displays the copy status of writing contents of
one file to another file. Terminate the progress bar on click of STOP button and display the contents of the
file.
6. Create a Servlet to file IT returns that accepts personal information, salary information and Tax deduction
details from the user and write the information into a file. Also accept the name of the person and display
in on the page.
7. Write a JSP and Servlet Program to do the following to buy a T-Shirt online:
a. A set of checkboxes to select your T-Shirt accessories such as „belt‟, „cap‟, „hair-band‟ etc.
b. A text area / text field to enter your T-Shirt tag-line
c. A Radio-button that allows the user to choose between T-Shirt with chest pocket and without.
d. A Combo Box to choose your T-Shirt color
e. Appropriate labels for these GUI Components
f. A Button called “Click Me” which when pressed will
g. Insert the details entered into a table called „TShirts‟.
h. An OrderNo is generated by adding „1‟ to the existing „OrderNo‟
i. If „TShirts‟ table is empty the initial value of „OrderNo‟ is 100.
j. This „OrderNo‟ is also inserted into the „TShirts‟ table
k. Display all the records of the „TShirts‟ table in tabular form
PS: Frontend display should be in JSP and the business logic should be written in Servlet Class.
8. Create a Telephone Directory Application using Servlet that searches the database based on phone number
or name. Also show database table creation with inserting 2-3 values to the table.
a. Database Name: OnlineDirectory
b. Table Design:
i. Table Name: Telephone_Directory
i. Attributes: Phone_Number, Name, Address, Company, Pin_Code.
9. Write a Java Program that creates two threads object of Thread class. Where one thread asks the user to
enter a number not less than four digits. Split the digits of the number and display in words the value of
the number. Ex: 1 – One. Second thread finding the number of vowels in a word. Ex: JAVA – Vowel - A,
Count – 2.
10. Write a program using JSP that helps a student to calculate the income tax on various annual incomes that
he will be earning when he gets a job.
a. Login.html will call dataCapture.jsp that should do the following:
31
i. Use Java Collections to make a list of valid users and facilitate user login
functionality.
ii. Give a personalized Welcome message and display today‟s date.
iii. Have a Text Entry with label „Name‟ to enter the name of the user.
iv. Give a List of Organizations to choose „Place of Work‟
v. Provide a Male or Female option to choose the „Gender‟
vi. Have a Text Entry with label „Annual Income‟
vii. Give a Submit button reading „Calculate Tax‟
b. CalculateTax.jsp must calculate the interest based on the following business rules:
i. Salary below 1,00,000 shall no have income-tax.
ii. Calculate 15% of tax on 1,00,001 – 5,00,000.
iii. Calculate 20% on 5,00,001 onwards.
PS: The final income tax along with the details of how it is calculated must be put in a session object and
displayed to the user in dataCapture.jsp. All the income taxes calculated so far by the user, must be taken out
of the session object and displayed, each time in dataCapture.jsp which has a link called „Logout’ that destroys
the session.
11. a. Create two tables Flight (Flight_Number, Airline_Name, Weekdays) and
SeatReservation(Flight_Number, Date, Seat_Number, Customer_Name, Customer_Phone) in MySQL
database.
b. Create JSP page ReserveOnline.jsp to reserve an airline seat and insert the values into the table
SeatReservation. OnClick of Submit in ViewDetails.jsp display information about reservation. Validate
the Flight_Number from already existing Flight database and generate random number for Seat_Number
within the range 1-500.
c. Also create a link to display information of all the flights running on a particular day.
12. Write a program using java.net to transfer file from client socket to server socket.
